## Bingo! Bingo? What do you mean it's only been 3 months!?
As the years go by and things only really seem to get worse, I've decided that until I can't get a bingo on a metaphorical bingo board, this site will host a topical commentary on the current state of the US. I also haven't updated the resource list in about 3 years; I'm sure there's more out there and there's also ones I know of, but not everyone has this kind of access and it's messy to get it all set up, so I will refrain from it.

Now, onto the message. This year is a more traditional message, but with a dark undertone: I'm not recording it, this site will be "AI-powered" this year (more on that below), which will be reflected by the artwork used in the menu selector and the interactive part of it.

### Rise and Shine
Every day, we open our eyes to a dreary world.

However, we must also still have hope in our hearts.

And a burning fire in our eyes.

As we are not powerless and awaiting dark futures.

You, me, all of us, we have the power.

So rise up, raise our flag, and lead the action.

Call all for unity, and celebrate with pride and passion.

A fractured community - one hurt by its own - cannot begin to enact change.

It's time to rise up and shine as bright as stars themselves.

### Additional Audio
Hey! Did you enjoy this years annual {bleep}-post? It's an informal tradition of mine at this point. Hopefully, we can get out of this rut and I can switch back to positive messages. Thanks for visiting the site, and as always, Happy Trans Day of Visibility!

### "AI-Powered"
The phrase "AI-powered" is in quotes on purpose because *I'm not as low to replace my own passion projects with AIs.* I still do all of the custom art, write my own scripts, and build up the site theme. I just thought it would be more topical if I made it look like I did with AI, down the code itself. As someone who was once forced to use a coding agent whose quality was severely sub-par, I know what it looks like.

The voice reading the scripts is *technically* mine, but not exactly. Because this project is about replacing the human in human-made project, I used [ChatterboxTTS Turbo](https://github.com/resemble-ai/chatterbox) to clone my voice from some of my ramblings and it will read the script. The model gets downloaded into my local, so the only RAM being used is my own.

All art used will have this oddly airbrushed quality or excessively clear property. I'm very aware of what AI art looks like and I despise those who generate AI images and call themselves "artists". I've seen the word "promptstitute" be used, and it's very accurate. I'm not even that good of an artist, but I still don't use image generators.

The script is just empty platitudes, since it will sound like one of those corporate trainings. Except for the last audio, everything will be read by an AI, drawn like an AI, and written like an AI.

### Code Style
Code in this repository will resemble code generated by multiple, but disjoint sessions of using a terrible coding agent, comments included. My comments will be prefixed with `// #`, as the "#" symbol typically disrupts JS generation as it's a *Python* comment block.